Extended [Accounting item parameters](operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) with `RebatedItemIds` filter for finding rebates and added a use-case (#296)
MewsSystems/gitbook-connector-api: use-cases/accounting.md

Ensure you follow our general [guidelines](../guidelines) for testing integrations.

### Get and query rebated items

> You can use the API to find out if an accounting item is rebated. First use [Get all bills](../operations/finance.md#get-all-bills) to get a list of the order items on the bill. For each [order item](../operations/finance.md#order-item), examine the order item data to identify those items which are Rebates and if so, what is the [Rebated item ID](../operations/finance.md#rebate-order-item-data). You can then call [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) with the Rebated item ID to return the details of the accounting item with that ID.

Reviewer: The first sentence says `You can use the API to find out if an accounting item is rebated.` But then the steps don't actually help you do that. You need to: 
- Take an Item
  - Don't care if it's a rebate, because the question is what rebates this, not what does this rebate.
- Put the ID of the item into the `RebatedItemId` of the accountingItems/Get
- Get collection of Rebates
- Either find a rebate for it, or conclude that it's not rebated yet.

You're answering a different question `If I get a rebate on a bill, what should I do to get the original item` which is a different question.

Reviewer: By the way, I still think that this is a useful paragraph. It's just answering a different question. We should keep both. 
```suggestion
You can use the API to find out if an accounting item is rebated. First use [Get all bills](../operations/finance.md#get-all-bills) to get a list of the order items on the bill. For each [order item](../operations/finance.md#order-item), examine the order item data to identify those items which are Rebates and if so, what is the [Rebated item ID](../operations/finance.md#rebate-order-item-data). You can then call [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) with the Rebated item ID to return the details of the accounting item with that ID. This will give you more info on the original item that was rebated.
```

Notes:

> 1. You cannot use these operations to find out if an entire Bill has been rebated, only individual items in the Bill; all rebates are on an individual basis.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. You cannot reason if an entire Bill has been rebated, only individual items on the Bill; all rebates are on the basis of individual items.
```

> 2. You can find out what items have been rebated on a Bill by taking the Rebated item IDs from [Get all bills](../operations/finance.md#get-all-bills) and using them to call [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. You can find out what items have been rebated on a Bill by taking the item IDs from [Get all bills](../operations/finance.md#get-all-bills) and using them as `RebatedOrderItemIds` filter when calling [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items). If there is an item with `RebatedOrderItemId` matching an `ID` of the original item, then that given original item has been rebated.
```

Reviewer: It's a bit confusing - why are these notes here, when they're essentially the answer to the question in the first paragraph? We're not gonna have it duplicate here, right? Let's just consolidate it, so that things aren't here twice and it has some sense :)

> 3. If [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) returns an empty collection, this means there are no Rebated items corresponding to the given Rebated item IDs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
3. If [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) returns an empty collection, this means there are no Rebated items corresponding to the given items.
```

Ensure you follow our general [guidelines](../guidelines) for testing integrations.

### Working with rebates

#### For a given order item, how can I tell if it has been rebated?

> To find out if an individual order item has been rebated, use [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) with the `RebatedItemIds` filter parameter set to the value of the item ID for that order item. If the operation returns any items, these are rebate items relating to the original order item. If no items are returned, then the original order item has not been rebated. You can also search for rebates against multiple order items, by including all of the `ItemIds` in the `RebatedItemIds` filter parameter.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
To find out if an individual order item has been rebated, use [Get all accounting items](../operations/finance.md#get-all-accounting-items) with the `RebatedItemIds` filter parameter set to the value of the item ID for that order item. If the operation returns any items, these are rebate items relating to the original order item. If no items are returned, then the original order item has not been rebated. You can also search for rebates against multiple order items, by including all of the item IDs in the `RebatedItemIds` filter parameter.
```
